{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf290
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Sarah Keefe\
Peter Millar\
E. John Feig\
Team 2\
Reign of Brains - Instructions\
\
In "Reign of Brains" you play as Ming, a final survivor of the zombie apocalypse.  Your objective is to travel from your safehouse to the hospital down the street, where you will retrieve medical supplies for other survivors.  However, the street is filled with zombies, waiting to eat your brains.  You must kill as many as possible in your quest to the hospital.\
\
To eliminate the flesh-eaters, you have two weapons available: a shotgun and an axe.  Both are activated by clicking on the screen in the direction of your target.  The shotgun can kill enemies at a long range, but it requires ammo.  Collect ammo packets to refill your rounds as you run out.  The axe does not require ammo, but it is only effective at a short range.\
\
If you come in close contact with a zombie, your health bar will drop, eventually causing you to die and lose the game.  To regain health, pick up health packets or sandwiches scattered around the street.\
\
Move about the screen using the W,A,S, and D keys to move up, left, down, and right respectively.  To pause, press ENTER and to quit, press Q.\
\
You will win the game by reaching the hospital alive.  Your final score is determined by the number of zombies you have killed.}